All right, so in this video
now that we've created our solution,
we wanna actually start testing it
in the coding exercises part of the Udemy interface.
Now what I did at the end of the last video,
and you recall that when we ran this,
this was originally of type double,
and I changed it to type long.
So we run the output, we got the results.
Now that was actually correct.
It should be type long, but what I wanna do
is change that back to double, because I wanna show you
what happens when you do make a mistake
and you don't follow the setup and the configuration
of what the coding exercise is asking you.
I wanna show you what happens, so we'll change that back
to a double, which will still work.
The code will still work with IntelliJ.
And you can see we got the same result
other than the fact we've got a period and a zero
after the seven, and that's because
it's now a floating point number instead of a whole number.
We'll see what I mean by that as we go through.
So what we wanna do now is go into our speed converter.
And we're gonna close down the run window
so we can see what we're doing here.
Now you can convert, you can just copy the entire thing,
like I'm just doing a control + A on Windows machine copy,
control + C, or command + A, command + C on Mac.
Now be careful if you're using packages.
So if you've got something on line one that says package,
you'd wanna miss that bit of code,
but then make sure you're not using that,
but if you've just got the code from public class
right down to and including the last right curly brace,
that should work fine.
So I've taken a copy of that.
I'm gonna swing back to Udemy.
I'm gonna go back to the coding exercise that we looked at,
and I asked you two videos ago to have open.
So if not, make sure you open the speed converter
coding exercise on Udemy.
And you can see the example with that here
that it starts with public class as well.
So what I'm going to do is I'm gonna paste that code.
So I'm just gonna select the entire code.
Gonna delete it and paste the code.
So basically you wanna just make sure
the code that you've typed in is actually correct,
and correctly paste in, I should say, and ready to go.
So now we wanna click on the check solution boxes.
I wanna click on that, and we're now testing to see,
or Udemy's code is testing to see
whether the solution is correct
against the solution we asked you to come up with.
And notice here that we've got this error.
Oops, your solution is incorrect.
So what I'm going to do is just drag this over a little bit
so we can read it a bit more a bit easier.
And we can see what's happening here,
the error there was with spacing.
So that part's okay, and if you look very carefully there,
you can see we haven't really got exactly
what was asked of us, and that's the output
from our method, down here down the bottom.
Zero point zero space, km slash h,
no space there, equals space zero space mi slash h.
And it's repeated up here, and it's basically saying
that's your output there, but this is what was expected
in double quotes, and if you look really carefully,
you can see that there's a space before the equals sign.
So it's being a bit pedantic, but this is a way
to find these coding exercises, and you really have to
check the screen carefully to make sure
you are giving the results exactly as it's asking for.
So what we need to do is go back and put a space there
before the equals sign after the km slash h
to make sure that it's working.
So let's actually fix that, and what we'll do is
because we're now checking this
within the code exercise's solution,
we don't really need to go back to IntelliJ.
We can just come down to our print conversion,
and there, as you can see, there's the equals sign there.
We've got km slash h, we haven't got a space there.
I'm gonna add a space there, and now
I'm gonna click on check solution again.
So you can see now that our solution is actually correct.
What I wanna do now, and to finish off this video,
is just show you some common errors
that may actually pop up.
And we already showed you one there
where if you didn't type in the output exactly
as it was asking for on the screen we got an error,
and if you read that code carefully,
the error message, rather, carefully,
you could see that I was missing a space there,
and that actually fixed the problem.
But we'll look at some other common errors.
Now one of them is if we don't name the method
as described in the text you'll get an error.
Now at the moment we've got one here
called printConversion, and that's actually what was asked.
You can see up here, write another method
called printConversion.
If we called ours printConversion,
let's say abc or something like that,
and we check our solution, we'll actually get an error.
And that's because we're not following what's been asked.
The method with the name printConversion
and parameters of type double was not found.
And it's telling us it's found these other methods,
but the name doesn't match, so we have to be specific
and put exactly what is being asked for us.
So make sure you do check your solutions carefully there.
We'll check it again, we should find the error disappears.
Now another common error you'll get
is if you accidentally you say, for example,
instead of double here on line 12,
if we use a capital D to use a double class,
and we'll talk more about those in a future video,
but it's not exactly the same.
Check the solution again, you find you'll get an error.
And you can see again that's telling us
method with name printConversion
and parameters in lower case double there not found.
Methods found, and you can see there's printConversion,
and you can see there that straight away
it's telling you that there's a difference there.
Capital D for double, lower case one there.
So I'll put that back to a lower case D again.
Check the solution.
All right, so that's two sample errors,
and we've got the solution there,
back to me being correct again.
Next if we remove the public keyword
from the start of the method, whoops,
and then I'll leave everything else as it was before.
And you check the solution, well, again,
you get an error because of that.
And you can see it's telling us
it should be declared as public static but found static.
So you have to be again really checking the text carefully
to make sure you're typing exactly what's been asked of you.
Check the solution and that should fix that problem.
All right, so you can see now the solution is correct again.
And that's just some examples of errors that might pop up
as you're going through your solution,
or with coding exercises in general.
The bottom line is make sure you read this carefully,
and you are outputting exactly what's being asked of you
from the coding exercise, and using the exact data types,
and really just take your time to analyse.
And keep in mind that computers are pedantic,
so you'll need to type your solution in exactly
in terms of the output and also the data types, et cetera,
as it's being asked for in the coding exercise.
All right, so the solution is correct again,
and you should, if you're going through this yourself,
have gone back to IntelliJ and fixed errors as well,
but I won't do that now.
Keep in mind also that there's many different ways
to solve an exercise.
You'll find many solutions shared by other students
in the QA section of the course.
So you will see many different solutions
to the same problem.
Now as you've seen, everything needs to be
exactly as it's been asked, so make sure
you follow the text carefully again,
otherwise your solution won't be accepted.
You have a warning that has come up on the screen
as I've been showing you.
Another important thing is don't rush
to solve the exercise as soon as possible.
It's much better to take some time and solve it properly.
That way the knowledge will sink in.
The process of actually figuring out how to solve it
and going through those steps to fix any errors,
reading the coding exercise text again,
and fixing it and reading the warnings, et cetera,
that's how you become a programmer,
immersing yourself in code and taking the time
to really understand it and to fix it.
So it's not a race, it's a matter of actually
enjoying the journey, going through
the process of learning is a journey.
It's not the end result we're looking for.
It's learning and really immersing yourself
with this code, and letting this knowledge sink in.
All right, so what I'm gonna do is show you now also
how to share your solution with myself
and Goran and other students.
What you can do is copy the solution.
I'm gonna click on and select that,
copy that, copy that code now.
Gonna browse the Q&A, and you can see on the right hand side
we've got some other options showing up on the screen here.
Now if you wanted to do that,
you click on ask a new question,
so I suggest you type something useful here,
and we'll put My Shared Solution, for example.
I'm gonna paste the error, the code, rather,
into the box down here.
Now before posting a question,
I wanna show you a useful feature in the QA
that allows you to format your code nicely
so that it's easy for others to read and to help you.
So basically you should select or highlight
all the code that you just pasted,
and I'm gonna select that now just to show you what I mean.
I'm gonna select all the code,
right up to including the lines right at the top,
and I'm gonna come down here and click on
this little left and right curly braces
with the three dots or periods in the middle.
Click on that, and notice how by doing that
the code is now in a little rectangle.
So what that means is now that we've done that,
we can scroll down to the bottom.
Scroll down to the bottom, and put this is Tim's
test solution for the video.
Now obviously you put in something
that you wanted to address.
If you had a question that wasn't working,
that's where you'd put it.
Then you click on post question,
and that question will go into the Q&A section.
I'm not gonna post this question now,
but you can share your solutions any time you can,
whether you got it working, you might wanna show us
that you got it working, or if you haven't got it working
and you've got a question, you can do that also.
Now remember if the code runs in IntelliJ,
it still doesn't mean that it's correct
per the exercise text.
You have to be careful about logical errors,
the naming, the spaces, and so on, that we've talked about.
The coding exercises are very strict and designed to be,
and if one of the requirements from the text is not met,
the solution, although it works in IntelliJ,
won't work in the coding exercise.
All right, so that's that, we'll end the video here.
I'll see you in the next video.